GOTHAM DASHBOARD UPDATE — 6 OCTOBER 2026

INSTALL IN THIS ORDER
1. Back up your current project and database.
2. Open Neon SQL Editor for the same database used by Vercel DATABASE_URL.
3. Run database/upgrade-dashboard.sql. It preserves existing responses.
   For a brand-new database, run database/setup.sql instead.
4. Extract this ZIP. Copy the contents of the gotham folder into your existing
   Stocklistapi repository root, replacing the old files. Do not nest gotham
   inside your repository. Keep your own .env.local file if you have one.
5. Commit and push to GitHub, then wait for the Vercel Production deployment
   to finish. No environment variable changes are required.
6. Open https://a-date-in-gotham.vercel.app/admin and refresh the page.
   Sign in with your existing ADMIN_PASSWORD.

USING THE DASHBOARD
- Click + New invitation, type the recipient name, and click Generate link.
- Copy the complete link from that recipient's card.
- Up to 10 links may be active at once. Your existing invitation counts as one.
- The same name can have multiple separate links. Each gets its own response.
- Names and links stay saved after refreshing or redeploying.
- Delete link disables one invitation and frees one slot.
- Reset all links asks for confirmation, then disables every active link.
  Old links stop opening and cannot submit responses, even from an open tab.
  Previously saved responses remain visible. You can then create 10 new links.
- Revoked records remain in the database so old links cannot be reactivated
  accidentally. They are removed from the active dashboard list.
- Each link accepts one confirmed response. Coffee, movie, sunset and dinner
  choices are included.

EXISTING INVITATION
The existing INVITATION_TOKEN and config/site.js name are imported once on
first use. After that, create invitations in the dashboard. Editing site.js
will no longer change the imported name. Keep existing environment variables.
Reset also disables the old INVITATION_TOKEN link permanently in this database.

MAIN CHANGED FILES
public/admin.html, public/admin.js, public/styles.css
api/admin.js, api/invitation.js, api/respond.js
server/invitations.js (new)
database/upgrade-dashboard.sql (new), database/setup.sql
config/site.js (comment only)
The ZIP includes the full project and the earlier date-idea update.

VALIDATION
npm install
npm test
Tests cover authentication/origin checks, recipient lookup, duplicate responses,
all four date ideas, link lifecycle, 10-link limit, reset, revocation and rollback.
API tests use a stateful database double; validate the deployed app against Neon
with a test invitation after deployment.
